README.md, before:

# Quantum Computing notes




## Notebooks
In this section, I have compiled a collection of notebooks based on the Qiskit documentation. These examples serve as a way for me to explore, practice, and deepen my understanding of quantum computing. While I am not an expert, my goal is to work through these examples, enhance them where possible, and gradually improve my skills. This collection is a work in progress, and I hope it can also be useful for others who are learning alongside me.

1. [Basic Concepts](doc/basic_concepts.md)
2. [Complex Arithmetic](notebooks/complex_arithmetic.ipynb)
3. [Linear Algebra Theory](doc/linear_algebra_quantum_computing.md) 
4. [Linear Algebra](notebooks/linear_algebra.ipynb)
5. [Install Qiskit](doc/install_qiskit.md)
6. [Basics of qubits, gates, and circuits](notebooks/01_notebook.ipynb)
7. [Qiskit Algorithms: Simple Examples](notebooks/qiskit_algorithms.ipynb)




## Sources

- University of North Carolina. (n.d.). Introduction to quantum computers. Retrieved from https://help.rc.unc.edu/Assets/New_Course_Material/General_Computing/Introduction_to_Quantum_Computers.pdf
- de Wolf, R. (n.d.). Quantum computing: A gentle introduction. Retrieved from https://homepages.cwi.nl/~rdewolf/qcnotes.pdf
- Ekert, A., & Jozsa, R. (1996). Quantum computation and Shor’s factoring algorithm. Retrieved from https://cds.cern.ch/record/383367/files/p165.pdf
- Wong, T. G. (2022). Introduction to classical and quantum computing. Rooted Grove. Retrieved from https://www.thomaswong.net/introduction-to-classical-and-quantum-computing-1e4p.pdf
- Rué, J., & Xambó-Descamps, S. (2011). Mathematical essentials of quantum computing. Retrieved from https://web.mat.upc.edu/sebastia.xambo/QC/qc.pdf
- Rué, Juanjo, and Sebastià Xambó-Descamps. Mathematical Essentials of Quantum Computing. 2011. https://web.mat.upc.edu/sebastia.xambo/QC/qc.pdf



- IBM Quantum. (n.d.). Getting started with Qiskit. Retrieved from https://learning.quantum.ibm.com/learning-path/getting-started-with-qiskit



Here is a simple footnote[^1]. With some additional text after it.

[^1]: My reference.

Commit message:

feat(Add-section): Add Deutsh Algorithm

README.md, after:

# Quantum Computing notes




## Notebooks
In this section, I have compiled a collection of notebooks based on the Qiskit documentation. These examples serve as a way for me to explore, practice, and deepen my understanding of quantum computing. While I am not an expert, my goal is to work through these examples, enhance them where possible, and gradually improve my skills. This collection is a work in progress, and I hope it can also be useful for others who are learning alongside me.

1. [Basic Concepts](doc/basic_concepts.md)
2. [Complex Arithmetic](notebooks/complex_arithmetic.ipynb)
3. [Linear Algebra Theory](doc/linear_algebra_quantum_computing.md)
4. [Linear Algebra](notebooks/linear_algebra.ipynb)
5. [Install Qiskit](doc/install_qiskit.md)
6. [Basics of qubits, gates, and circuits](notebooks/01_notebook.ipynb)
7. [Qiskit Algorithms: Simple Examples](notebooks/qiskit_algorithms.ipynb)
8. [Introduction to Quantum Computing: The Deutsch Algorithm](notebooks/deutsch_algorithm.ipynb)




## Sources

- University of North Carolina. (n.d.). Introduction to quantum computers. Retrieved from https://help.rc.unc.edu/Assets/New_Course_Material/General_Computing/Introduction_to_Quantum_Computers.pdf
- de Wolf, R. (n.d.). Quantum computing: A gentle introduction. Retrieved from https://homepages.cwi.nl/~rdewolf/qcnotes.pdf
- Ekert, A., & Jozsa, R. (1996). Quantum computation and Shor’s factoring algorithm. Retrieved from https://cds.cern.ch/record/383367/files/p165.pdf
- Wong, T. G. (2022). Introduction to classical and quantum computing. Rooted Grove. Retrieved from https://www.thomaswong.net/introduction-to-classical-and-quantum-computing-1e4p.pdf
- Rué, J., & Xambó-Descamps, S. (2011). Mathematical essentials of quantum computing. Retrieved from https://web.mat.upc.edu/sebastia.xambo/QC/qc.pdf
- Rué, Juanjo, and Sebastià Xambó-Descamps. Mathematical Essentials of Quantum Computing. 2011. https://web.mat.upc.edu/sebastia.xambo/QC/qc.pdf



- IBM Quantum. (n.d.). Getting started with Qiskit. Retrieved from https://learning.quantum.ibm.com/learning-path/getting-started-with-qiskit



Here is a simple footnote[^1]. With some additional text after it.

[^1]: My reference.
